Update README.rst (#595)
matrix-org/sydent: README.rst

    python -m sydent.sydent

> With this method, you still need to copy the Template Ressources /res from tgis repository to your installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this method, you still need to copy the Template Resources `res/` from this repository to your installation. 
```
